Support tags for aws_backup_vault and aws_backup_recovery_point Closes #2031 (#2033)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: docs/tables/aws_backup_recovery_point.md

The `aws_backup_recovery_point` table in Steampipe provides you with information about each recovery point within an AWS Backup vault. This table allows you, as a DevOps engineer or system administrator, to query recovery point-specific details, including the backup vault where the recovery point is stored, the source of the backup, the state of the recovery point, and associated metadata. You can utilize this table to gather insights on recovery points, such as identifying unencrypted recovery points, verifying backup completion status, and more. The schema outlines the various attributes of the recovery point for you, including the recovery point ARN, creation date, backup size, and associated tags.

> Note: The value in the `tags` column will be populated under the following conditions:
> - The resource ARN corresponds to a Recovery Point resource ARN.
> - The resource ARN matches the specified pattern: `arn:aws:backup:[a-z0-9\-]+:[0-9]{12}:recovery-point:*`.
> - Tags are associated with the Recovery Point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The value in the `tags` column will be populated only if its resource type has a checkmark for [Full AWS Backup management](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-backup/latest/devguide/whatisbackup.html#full-management) as per AWS Backup docs. This means  the recovery point ARN must match the pattern `arn:aws:backup:[a-z0-9\-]+:[0-9]{12}:recovery-point:.*`
```

Author: Updated the doc with a proper comment

  aws_backup_recovery_point
where
  is_encrypted = 1;
```

### Get associated tags for the targeted Recovery Points EC2, EBS and S3 resource types
Retrieving metadata, in the form of tags, for recovery points associated with three resource types - EC2 instances, EBS volumes, and S3 buckets. Tags are key-value pairs that provide valuable information about AWS resources.

```sql+postgres
select
  r.backup_vault_name as backup_vault_name,
  r.recovery_point_arn as recovery_point_arn,
  r.resource_type as resource_type,
case
    when r.resource_type = 'EBS' then (
      select tags from aws_ebs_snapshot where arn = concat(
        (string_to_array(r.recovery_point_arn, '::'))[1],
        ':',
        r.account_id,
        ':',
        (string_to_array(r.recovery_point_arn, '::'))[2]
      )
    )
    when r.resource_type = 'EC2' then (
      select tags from aws_ec2_ami where image_id = (string_to_array(r.recovery_point_arn, '::image/'))[2]
    )

>     when r.resource_type = 'S3' then (
>       select tags from aws_s3_bucket where arn = r.recovery_point_arn
>     )
> end as target_resource_tags,

Reviewer: I think there was some confusion. We are interested only in the tags on the RP itself (not on the original backed up resource), so the switch-case for S3 should instead return the tags of the record itself.

To be clear there is a distinction between a "resource" and the "rp (snapshot)" in AWS Backup. The "resource" is what was backed up like an EC2 instance, EBS volume or an S3 bucket, and the RP is its snapshot, which is either an EC2 AMI, or an EBS snapshot, or an S3 RP (fully managed by AWS Backup).

What "Full AWS Backup management" means is that AWS Backup service itself maintains the snapshot and its tags. Non-full management means AWS Backup just orchestrates the snapshots using other service-specific implementations of snapshots and therefore tags on those snapshots need to be fetched using those service-specific APIs.

```suggestion
    when r.resource_type = 'S3' then r.tags
end as tags,
```
You could also add `r.resource_type = 'S3' or r.resource_type = 'EFS'` to cover EFS here as well.

Same thing applies to SQL example below

Author: I have updated the query to get the tags for the EFS resource type as well.
